Archer now getting to work on this base so that we can create a new post.
And for that, first thing we want to do is prepare this editor, which is the rich mark donator.
Let's insert this one and then we're going to work on the other features, for example, title and all
these features.
All right, so let's go this search for NPM, a rich markdown editor.
It's called Rich Markdown, not react markdown.
I guess just keep that in mind.
Otherwise you will be wasting your time looking around.
All right.
So you can see this one is developed by this.
This company outlined this.
I think they provide software as a service.
If you're interested, you can take out their website as well.
I guess if they provide some kind of a service, I haven't really got deep into it, but they're the
ones behind this markdown in development, this Ed isolates.
And so this one in our client.
So let me stop that and run this.
And while it's happening, let's continue.
And you can take out the source that as well.
Sorry.
The end PM.
Yeah.
A very, very little documentation here.
However, if you visit this site, they have a very nice documentation to me
that link.
If you go to the homepage, I think we will get them.
Just go to the home, homebase.
Live demo.
I think this is the one.
This is where you get to see all the features of this editor.
So he can see that.
You can edit, you can edit, you can insert images, you can insert images as we saw how to make to
try and save headings and block quotes.
The tables you can put called yeah really nice restrict after this one.
So let's continue with our app.
Let's start this again and then come here and in the new post new let's import that.
So we import that editor from which markdown editor.
All right.
So we can put that here.
So the editor we put this charm editor.
Now let's see what we get just out of the box like that.
Duplicate use of six.
That's a new error.
Okay, so I was finally able to get rid of that error and I have the energy here, but it was a bit
of a work, so I'll show you how I managed to fix that issue.
All right.
So first thing you want to do is come to your client package, transition file and then.
And this overwrites pro's mirrored tables.
I guess this value you put in your packages isn't just you can put it right after the end, just before
the closing codebase.
How could this value I got?
Because I went to their official documentation.
You can see here I went to the repository.
I went to the issues section and then someone had already posted this question to it since like a bug.
And.
And this this guy, he posted this solution, which worked for me.
So this is what I added.
And then did you want to uninstall?
I removed the node modules folder, which is right here, removed the node modules folder to just delete
that delete back is dest log decent file as well.
So delete that so that we can reinstall all these packages again.
All right.
So once you do that, then you come here and then you instead of using npm, installing what you do
is you use here.
Yeah.
In install or you can even just run here.
Okay.
So that will reinstall the packages which I already did.
So you see this message, but you do that and that will fix that error.
Okay.
Now if you don't have a yarn installer already, you can easily select with npm.
So let me show you how to install.
Yeah.
And globally all you do is npm introduced as global.
So this is what you need to do if you have to use the yen before.
Okay.
And then instead of npm instantly you use here just once you can continue using NPM commands, but just
for once for the sake of this package you use here and that is all you need to do said that to fix this
issue.
So basically what we did is we added this to a package there.
Jason Fine, remove the node modules, remove packages logged.
Jason And then we use a yard to install pre-installed the packages I guess and that fixed the issue.
But then again you're on NPM, run dev, run the server and that will give you this integer.
This is really beautiful, Ed, but it's a little bit tricky to install, I guess.
And then you can see.
Click here.
Get this option.
Or you can just force this get on this earth.
Since you can even you don't even have to scroll.
You can just type in here.
For example, if I wanted to insert code block, I would destroy the code enter and they can second
so long.
It's really nice.
Okay.
So you can type H1.
You can even double click and get this option.
You can maintain blog posts.
It has so many features.
It's absolutely beautiful.
All right.
So we got this one.
Now we have to fix a bit of a styling issues here, which we can do.
But otherwise, I'm hopeful that you were able to install this practice along with me.
If you have some issues, of course, post your questions in the Q&A section and I'll try my best to
help you.
But most of the time, if there are some such weird issues, most likely you will find the solutions
by going to the the digital base for those libraries.
And then if you browse the questions in the issues section, most likely you will find the solutions
that.
All right.
Now, this team, this editor also takes this property, the light and dark theme you can use very simple.
And with dark theme, it doesn't actually really.
Well well, it looks right as with.
So fix that we can quickly give it a try.
You can also try to.
Doc.
I can do that.
Now this looks like it's not a theme.
It's called
dark.
And they give the value of true or false.
I guess that gives us this dark energy as well.
Well, there are a few things we can do to make this Ed amazing, including file upload.
Okay, so we'll come back to it.
Now this I don't want to hardcore this further because if we are using the light theme again, it looks
different.
So to fix this weekend are going to access the theme valley from our context.
And based on that, we can change this dynamically.
All right.
So let's continue all that in the next video.
So let me remove this from the.